README.md, before:

# Airbnb Clone

This project is an Airbnb clone built using TypeScript, Prisma, Next.js 13, MongoDB, Next Auth, Tailwind CSS, and Zustand. It aims to replicate the functionality and design of the popular Airbnb platform.

## Features

- User authentication and authorization using Next Auth, supporting various authentication providers such as GitHub and Google.
- Listings page displaying available accommodations with search and filtering options.
- Detailed view for each listing, including information, photos, and amenities.
- Booking functionality allowing users to select dates and make reservations.
- User dashboard to manage bookings, view profile information, and update settings.
- Responsive design and mobile-friendly layout using Tailwind CSS.
- State management using Zustand for a simple and efficient way to manage application state.

## Technologies Used

- TypeScript: A statically typed superset of JavaScript that adds type checking and other features to enhance developer productivity and code quality.
- Prisma: An ORM (Object Relational Mapping) tool for working with databases, providing a type-safe and auto-generated query API.
- Next.js 13: A React framework for building server-rendered and statically generated applications with built-in support for TypeScript.
- MongoDB: A NoSQL database used to store and retrieve data for listings, user information, and bookings.
- Next Auth: A complete authentication solution for Next.js applications, supporting multiple authentication providers and customizable authentication flows.
- Tailwind CSS: A utility-first CSS framework that provides a set of pre-defined classes for building responsive and stylish user interfaces.
- Zustand: A small, fast, and scalable state management library for React applications, allowing easy management of application state without the need for complex setups.

Commit message:

update readme to include link to website

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Airbnb Clone</h1>

<p align="center">
  <em>This project is an Airbnb clone built using TypeScript, Prisma, Next.js 13, MongoDB, Next Auth, Tailwind CSS, and Zustand. It aims to replicate the functionality and design of the popular Airbnb platform.</em>
</p>

## Features

- User authentication and authorization using Next Auth, supporting various authentication providers such as GitHub and Google.
- Listings page displaying available accommodations with search and filtering options.
- Detailed view for each listing, including information, photos, and amenities.
- Booking functionality allowing users to select dates and make reservations.
- User dashboard to manage bookings, view profile information, and update settings.
- Responsive design and mobile-friendly layout using Tailwind CSS.
- State management using Zustand for a simple and efficient way to manage application state.

## Technologies Used

- **TypeScript**: A statically typed superset of JavaScript that adds type checking and other features to enhance developer productivity and code quality.
- **Prisma**: An ORM (Object Relational Mapping) tool for working with databases, providing a type-safe and auto-generated query API.
- **Next.js 13**: A React framework for building server-rendered and statically generated applications with built-in support for TypeScript.
- **MongoDB**: A NoSQL database used to store and retrieve data for listings, user information, and bookings.
- **Next Auth**: A complete authentication solution for Next.js applications, supporting multiple authentication providers and customizable authentication flows.
- **Tailwind CSS**: A utility-first CSS framework that provides a set of pre-defined classes for building responsive and stylish user interfaces.
- **Zustand**: A small, fast, and scalable state management library for React applications, allowing easy management of application state without the need for complex setups.

## Website

You can access the Airbnb clone website [here](https://finn-stay.vercel.app/).
